#log/journal 

Today was a pretty chill day. Brianna was sleeping at a friend's house last night and didn't come home till around 1:30. Jennifer and Raegan went with Damien to check out a new church this morning. He left his old church because he was being harassed by members because he is gay. So much for preaching love and tolerance, huh? 

Raegan and Brianna went over to my mother's house to spend the night. Nichole is over, so they're all spending the night together. It's so quiet and peaceful around here right now. 

I ran up to Walmart this afternoon, and made a side trip to Savers. I found a cool little sign that said, "That sounds like a terrible idea, count me in." That's sooo me!!! I also found an amazing deal that I couldn't pass up. They had a pair of Merrell boots that were practically brand new. They were asking 24.99 for them and when I looked them up online, they are selling for 180, so of course I had to buy them. Sometimes you find the best deals there. 

It's now 9PM and I'm just winding down for the evening. I thought I'd give this daily note thing a try. Apparently, journaling is supposed to be very cathartic. I guess we will see. 

I have a dentist appointment tomorrow to get the stitches taken out of my lower jaw. Tomorrow will be the 2 week mark since I had all my teeth removed and got my dentures. It's going better than I thought it would. They're not the most comfortable things in the world, and I believe they need another reline, since they're pretty loose, but it's a lot better than what we had going on. My confidence is through the roof now that I can smile and talk and I don't have to be self-conscious about my teeth. 

Well, that's all I have for today. Catch you later!!